`DataLoader`s 8: docs, guide, etc (#4567)
rerun-io/rerun: docs/content/howto/open-any-file.md

There are 3 broad kinds of `DataLoader`s: _builtin_, _external_ and _custom_.
_External_ and _custom_ are the two ways of extending the file loading system that we'll describe below.

When a user attempts to open a file in the Viewer, **all** known `DataLoader`s are notified of the path to be opened, unconditionally.
This gives `DataLoader`s maximum flexibility to decide what files they are interested in, as opposed to e.g. only being able to look at a file's extension.

Once notified, a `DataLoader` can return a [`DataLoaderError::Incompatible`](https://docs.rs/re_data_source/latest/re_data_source/enum.DataLoaderError.html#variant.Incompatible?speculative-link) error to indicate that it doesn't support a given file type.
If, and only if, all loaders known to the Viewer return an `Incompatible` error code, then an error message is shown to the user indicating that this file type is not (_yet_) supported.

In these instances of unsupported files, we expose two ways of implementing and registering your `DataLoader`s, explained below.

### External data-loaders

> The easiest way to create your own `DataLoader` is by implementing what we call an "external loader": an executable -- written in any language that the Rerun SDK ships for -- that is available on your `$PATH`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The easiest way to create your own `DataLoader` is by implementing what we call an "external loader": a stand alone executable written in any language that the Rerun SDK ships for. Any executable on your `$PATH` with a name that starts with `rerun_loader` will be treated as a `DataLoader`.
```

Author: Oof yeah how did I forget that part

> This executable is just a vanilla Rerun logger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This executable takes a file path as input on `stdin` and outputs Rerun logs on `stdout`.
```
